Order of edits and dependency adds was swapped (#6863)
jupyterlab/jupyterlab: docs/source/developer/extension_tutorial.rst

in that function. The second ``console.log`` line exists only so that
you can immediately check that your changes work.

Now you will need to install these dependencies. Run the following commands in the

> repository root folder install the dependency and save it to your

Reviewer: ```suggestion
repository root folder to install the dependencies and save them to your
```

Reviewer: (might as well fix the typo in the line as well)
